[8.16] Attack Discovery updates (#6013)
elastic/security-docs: docs/AI-for-security/attack-discovery.asciidoc

* <<attack-discovery-what-info, What information each discovery includes>>
* <<attack-discovery-workflows, How you can interact with discoveries to enhance {elastic-sec} workflows>>

[discrete]
[[attack-discovery-rbac]]

> == Role-based access control (RBAC) for Attack Discovery

Reviewer: There's a bit of inconsistency with how attack discovery is capitalized throughout the page (sentence case vs title case). Not sure which one it should be.

> The `Elastic AI Assistant: All` role privilege allows you to use AI Assistant and access its settings. It has two sub-privileges, `Field Selection and Anonymization`, which allows you to customize which alert fields are sent to AI Assistant and Attack Discovery, and `Knowledge Base`, which allows you to edit and create new Knowledge Base entries.

Reviewer: Looks like a copy-paste from the AI Assistant page? :)

.Recommended models
[sidebar]
--
While Attack discovery is compatible with many different models, refer to the <<llm-performance-matrix, Large language model performance matrix>> to see which models perform best.
--
+
image::images/attck-disc-select-model-empty.png[]
+
. Once you've selected a connector, click **Generate** to start the analysis.

It may take from a few seconds up to several minutes to generate discoveries, depending on the number of alerts and the model you selected. 

> IMPORTANT: y default it analyzes up to 100 alerts within this timeframe, but you can expand this up to 500 by clicking the settings icon  (image:images/icon-settings.png[Settings icon,17,17]) next to the model selection menu and adjusting the **Alerts** slider. Note that sending more alerts than your chosen LLM can handle may result in an error.

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: By default it analyzes up to 100 alerts within this timeframe, but you can expand this up to 500 by clicking the settings icon  (image:images/icon-settings.png[Settings icon,17,17]) next to the model selection menu and adjusting the **Alerts** slider. Note that sending more alerts than your chosen LLM can handle may result in an error.
```

.Recommended models
[sidebar]
--
While Attack discovery is compatible with many different models, refer to the <<llm-performance-matrix, Large language model performance matrix>> to see which models perform best.
--
+
image::images/attck-disc-select-model-empty.png[]
+
. Once you've selected a connector, click **Generate** to start the analysis.

It may take from a few seconds up to several minutes to generate discoveries, depending on the number of alerts and the model you selected. 

> IMPORTANT: By default it analyzes up to 100 alerts within this timeframe, but you can expand this up to 500 by clicking the settings icon  (image:images/icon-settings.png[Settings icon,17,17]) next to the model selection menu and adjusting the **Alerts** slider. Note that sending more alerts than your chosen LLM can handle may result in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: By default, attack discovery analyzes up to 100 alerts within this timeframe, but you can expand this up to 500 by clicking the settings icon  (image:images/icon-settings.png[Settings icon,17,17]) next to the model selection menu and adjusting the **Alerts** slider. Note that sending more alerts than your chosen LLM can handle may result in an error.
```

Since the first sentence is deleted, should "within this timeframe" say "from the past 24 hours"? Or does it no longer have this time constraint?
